# key changes (my innovation in this project)

in the Fiche de notes du PFE, it's the only form in my website whom i need to add an Export to PDF feature, so we can deliver it to students etc...

add a great more-interesting UI/UX.
add fluid interfaces.
real time data and notifications.



features to implement

gestion des etudiants
(cest des etudiants, issue de l'etablissement, celon les different cursus (licence, master) etc...
et les crud (qui va faire les crud? ex. Admin)
fonctionnalités

gestion des enseignants
gestion de entreprise
gestion de projets
gestion des affectations
gestion de soutenance
gestion des notations
gestion des publications & archivage
gestion des validations
gestion des fiches de suivi PFE

Chaque gestion on en parle brievement.


Company Account Creation

When he creates an account, he can choose his company from the dropdown, if not, he can create a general account about his company first, then create a normal extern encadrant account. (Register company, Next ->, Create account).

The ESST administrator can at anytime modify the information of a company, if someone at the company finds an error or misspell in the company information, he can file a report (ex. Missing information, Falsy information) and the administrator would have that.

More information is required:
Logo
Professional email required (ex. contact@sonatrach.dz)
Position au niveau de l'entreprise (ex. Directeur commercial, Développeur, etc...)


Updates: 
There is a superadmin role, that adds admins etc... not an admin adds an admin. 
the superadmin is hardcoded, 
he has statistics, 
he has PFE evolutions, 
Les fiches de suivi
nombres de rencontres,

Chaque PFE est un dossier, the authorized user can open it and view the sujet, etudiant, encadrant, co-encadrant (optionnel) (and btw if all those are all available we affect the PFE code PFE-SPEC-XX-XXXX).

avec le code PFE, on peut voir l'historique du code pfe, tu peux voir les fiches PFE, I can send them direct messages, I can view the submitted files by them.


in the admin dashboard add Account Management.

ad OTP verification in the entire project (ex. The email of the created extern company, when a new email address is created).

